A case in it video we look at where columns are equal to a certain body in this video.
We're going to be looking at inequality symbols say where a column is greater than or less than a certain
value.
So we have all full inequality symbols here.
We have a greater than symbol and then we have greater than or equal to.
So it's a greater than sign followed by an equal sign.
We have less than sign and then we have our less than or equal to sign which is a less than sign followed
by the coup sign.
So now let's use these inequality symbols in a WHERE clause.
So I selected stuff from the table again and I've got my seven results and here I've got a statement
where the where clause which is selecting start from products where price is equal to three.
So this is just going to return every row where the price column is equal to free.
But let's change this equal sign to greater than or equal to that statement.
And you can see it's return just six rows now.
So we have every single row returned whether the price is equal to free or grace free.
So we got three 3.5 three point two five.
So this is returning rows where a column is equal to or greater than a certain value.
So now let's simply change this to greater than and see the difference.
And you can see now it's return just for ROIs.
It's got rid of the rows where the price was equal to free and it's just return the rows which are greater
than 3.00.
So we got 3.5 three point two five.
So that's the greater than and greater than or equal to symbol's looked.
Now let's take a look at that less than less than or equal to.
So let's change this to where price is less than three
and you can see it just returns the row for our espresso where the price was equal to 2.5 0.
And then we can simply guess whether price is less than or equal to free by adding an equal sign off
to the less than sign.
And you can see returns free rose we have our espresso macchiato and our food to coffee where the price
column is equal to three or less.
So that's pretty much it for using an equality symbols in a way across are just today only really makes
sense to use inequality symbols when you're dealing with numeric columns like a Price column or even
an ID column.
It doesn't really make sense to use inequality symbols when you're dealing with strings.
So that's it for this video.